   o Display device now supports <Back Space> and a cursor.
   o Display device now includes a reset line.
   o The robot "hotspot" now rotates according to the current
     direction.
   o The robot "initial position" is based on the hotspot.
     That is, the "hotspot" will be placed at the "initial position".
   o The robot now supports a "reserved" transparent color.
   o The "select area" around the signal sender/receiver has been
     reduced to allow them to be placed closer together.
   o Bug fixed, Select All selected all devices on all pages.
     It now selects everything on the current page.
   o Major performance improvements. The improvement depends
     on the size, and how much animation is on the page in view.
     In some cases it runs so fast that sound devices do not
     operate correctly. You may wish to drive the circuit with a
     real time timer to make your circuit run slower to see
     animated outputs.
   o Simulator has been upgraded from a 3 state simulator to a
     6 state simulator. What does that mean, it means that you
	 can now have Multiple Tristate Devices on a Bus. You don't
	 have understand all this to use the simulator, it is here
	 for more advanced users. The 6 states are:

     - Driving 1 (1)
	 - Driving 0 (0)
	 - Driving Unknown (U)
	 - Pulling up to 1 (+)
     - Pulling down to 0 (-)
	 - Not Driven or Floating (?)

     See the Tristate Devices and the Bus for more information.
   o The Node device has been modified and enhanced for handling
     the 6 states. The terminology used in previous versions was
	 incorrect. The "Pull up" behavior of previous versions is
	 now correctly called "Force 1". The new behavior of "Pull up"
	 is a true "Pull up" for a "Tristate" bus.
   o Examples have now been catagorized and summarized.
     See help menu.
   o The scrollbars no longer obscure part of the schematic.
   o When trial mode license expires a "read only" license is
     enabled indefinitely.
   o All examples fixed that used relative paths to their resources.
     (i.e. Robot example should now work).
   o Grid is now a true user customizable grid. Snapping to the
     grid is initiated by the user and is not an automatic snap.
   o Printing problems fixed for some printers that did not print
     wires correctly.
   o Bug fixed that caused simulator to lock when a Signal Receiver
     with "Unknown" state drove a PullDown or PullUp node.
   o "Seeing" Robot has been modified to allow 16 images independent
     of direction. An "Off" playground Output has also been added.
   o A "Drawing" Robot has been added. You can "Piggy Back" multiple
     robots of the same or different types to increase their
     capabilities. That is, a multi function robot can have 4 eyes
     and 4 pens.
   o PaletteBar is now aware of Win95 TaskBar when it's always on
     Top.
   o When simulate is stopped it no longer forgets that you may of
     had the PaletteBar up and is now restored.
   o Grid is now disabled during simulate for performance reasons.
   o Uninstall is now available.

Version 0.6

   o Bug fixed, which cause The bitmap device to have each bitmap file
     open while in use. This was not necessary and the system could
     easily exceed the open file limit. This caused the "Bandit" example
     to fail on some systems.
   o Bug fixed, which caused circuits with two or more non driving
     node devices with different driven values to to hang the simulation.
   o New Devices:
	- Robot that can see Color.
        - 16 position rotoray select switch.
   o Enhanced Devices:
	- Bitmap device now allows a static bitmap (shows even when
	  simulatiom is idle, for purposes of documenation).
	- Text device now allows a dynamic text based on simulation
	  inputs (like the original Bitmap device but text instead).
        - SoundWave device can now play without waiting for sound
	  to complete. It no longer slows the simulation down.
	  This is an option on the device since there instances
	  where you may wish to wait.
        - 7 Segment LED is now a 8 Segment LED.
   o All files referenced by devices (Memory,Text,Sound,Bitmap)
     can now have their respective editors lauched from within
     the simulator. No need to jump outside of simulator and run
     Paint for example.
   o All files referenced by devices (Memory,Text,Sound,Bitmap)
     are properly referenced relative to the location in which the
     project file is located. No more "can't find file".
   o Printing is now EXACTLY what you get on the screen namely the
     Text devices.
   o Major improvements to animation performance.

Version 0.5

   o As planned, MMLogic now supports networking. This opens up
     possibilities beyond your wildest dreams. Network a whole
     classroom togther or build a game and run it over the internet.
     It's a piece of cake to use it.
   o All new "standard" FlipFlips (RS, DLATCH, MasterSlave, JK, Level
     and Edge triggered). In previous versions what existed was
     just a level sensitive DLATCH.
   o All new "standard" Muxes (Encoders) 8:1, 4:1, 2:1 and Demuxes
     (Decoders) 3:8, 2:4, 1:2. In previous versions what existed
     was actually 4 parallel 2:1 Muxes and 4 pararllel 1:2 to Demuxes.
   o More consistent processing of the "unknown" state. There are
     conditions such as uninitialize outputs of a flipflop which
     generate "unknown" state. This is a 3 state simulator (0, 1 or
     unknown). Unknown means the simulator does not have the information
     to choose 0 or 1. AND, OR, XOR, INVERT, FlipFlips, Muxes and Demuxes
     will now properly process unknown inputs. The LED shows lines
     through it, if it is not being driven with a 0 or 1.
     The probe will show a "?" on a node that is in the unknown
     state.
   o Unconnected Inputs and Outputs are now allowed. The BitBucked
     kicked the bucket. Unconnected inputs will always be Unknown.
   o Improved wiring by use of the new Node device.
   o The new Node device also allows you to add a default of 1 (Pull up)
     or a default of 0 (Pull down) in the event it holds and Unknown
     state. This helps initialize some circuits.
   o Changed the Enable on the Display device to be an "edge" sensitive
     clock instead of level sensitive enable. This means it looks for a
     transition from 0 to 1 before it accepts a character. Before it
     would accept a character when ever it was a 1. The former proved
     awkward in some situations.
   o Bug fixed, which allowed "resize" of wire.
   o The Port In and Port Out device has been modified to run off
     an "edge" sensitive clock. The lack of a clock did not give
     enough control.
   o Bug fixed, which caused the initial bitmap in the Bitmap device
     to be sized wrong.
   o Bug fixed, which caused "group selection clone" to fail to clone
     wires correctly.
   o Bug fixed, which caused cloning to drag away the original instead
     of the clone.
   o Bug fixed, which caused cloning to not copy attributes of the
     original.
   o Bug fixed, which caused wire drawing to get stuck in autoscroll
     when input already connected.
   o Bug fixed, which caused wire mode to slip back to pointer mode
     when some errors occured.

Version 0.4

   o Multiple page projects are now finally supported.
   o Keyboard device now supports both "ASCII" mode and virtual
     key code mode. Version 0.2 was Virtual, Version 0.3 was
     ASCII, this version is both.
   o New devices added:
     - Real time Clock, you now have access to operating systems
       clock (seconds, minutes, hours, days of month, months and
       years).
     - Real time countdown timer, you can now fire events based
       "Wall Clock" time, independent of simulation performance.
     - Signal Sender/Receiver, Now you can send signals around
       without wires or to other pages.
   o Lots of KeyBoard Accelerator cleanup done in Main Window,
     Dialogs and Menus.
   o PaletteBar cleaned up. All docking is removed for now.
     Cleaned up bugs in remembering position. Visibility state is
     now remembered from session to session.
   o StatusBar and ToolBar visibility now remembered from session
     to session.
   o Lots of online help cleanup.
   o Added several examples referenced in online help that was
     missing.
   o Many bugs fixed around having multiple projects open at once.
   o Many bugs fixed in printing.
   o Added Tool Tips.
   o Added Help Messages in Status Bar all buttons.
   o Paper Color and Grid State is now kept in project.
   o Added Tip of the Day (it's database is not very full yet).
   o Fixed problem with some devices getting lost off page. They
     will be forced into full view when you save your project.

Version 0.3

   o Changed labeling on many devices for consistency and clarity.
   o BitBucket now has multiple inputs and does not require them
     to be all connected.
   o Random device now allows the seed to be set.
   o Random device now operates much like the counter device.
     It is now clock driven and can be reset.
   o XOR Device added.
   o Help File reworked.
   o File in and File Out devices have been overhauled.
   o Switch, Keypad, and Keyboard events are now automatically
     synchronized with the simulator (one event per cycle).
     Previously you could type or click faster than the simulator
     consumed. You can also "queue up" multiple events while
     paused. A similar Queue will be added to the Port I/O
     devices in the future. This would allow an external device
     to run at real time speeds.
   o You can now Copy, Cut and Paste ALL devices including Wires.
   o Some devices have changed so using old projects might cause
     some problems:
     - This may generate connection errors, so you'll just have to
	   rewire these.
     - Some devices might look clipped, just delete them and add them
	   again.
   o Several new examples and many have been updated to reflect
     changes.

Version 0.2

   o Pause device is now green and changes to red when triggered
     to identify itself.
   o Win32s Kits now available.
   o Probe can now be enabled when paused.
   o Display Device no longer has White Blocks around letters.
   o Allow Multiple Bitmap devices access to the same bitmap.

Version 0.1
